jQuery calendarIcon
===================

Turn any JavaScript Date object, or a string containing a date that can be
parsed with Date.parse() into a calendar icon (64x64px).

Requirements
------------

This plugin requires jQuery. It has been tested with 1.5.2, but I believe it
would work with older releases (it's a very simple plugin).

How to use
----------

    var myDate = new Date();
    $('p#calendar-icon').calendarIcon(myDate);

Customizing
-----------

The widget is fully customizable using the supplied CSS and the calendar image.
Please refer to the CSS source code to find out more about skinning the
calendar icon. The code should be self-explanatory.

Known issues
------------

calendarIcon does not use the text of the element on which it is called. This
will be fixed in future version, so if you do not supply a date object or date
string to calendarIcon, it will try to get the date from the element on which
it is called.

The calendarIcon plugin hasn't been widely tested yet. It works on FireFox 3.6
and Google Chrome. If you find issues with the plugin, be sure to notify us.

License
-------

This plugin is published under the terms of MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2011 Branko Vukelic <bg.branko@gmail.com>, 
Herd Hound <www.herdhound.com>
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
